RAW-074.md

The correlation of cum isn't what it actually is as it is actually what it isn't and it is?
Again why we can't define and yet we can inaccurately define due to our current dynamic translation and this once you see the pattern of many levels and especially when you can see the drastically difference then it's a sort of humbling that occurs, ties in with why humbling is amazing to help but even though you can therefore be aware that many exist you can still somewhat logically be humbled? Therefore it's recommend the correct way as most negative or logically bound beings can't see past certain things and to them the humble translation is saying "bow down to something else" and for beings particularly dominating and or if a stance that takes over the universe as their main plan it's difficult to translate it correctly which in some ways isn't logical even when we communicate this to your minds now? Thats why it's better to do things the more deeper contrasting way and therefore it's more correct/ accurate?
Logical is I can imagine while we finish the universal jigsaw puzzle and after it will change us so drastically as with any correlation from love to hate heaven to hell , care to explain all the correlations? LoL exactly he humble right now logically? And back to the point the change would be so drastic that we wouldn't need the shadow side of love typically logic in the same way, Again we can't define what that would be as we aren't even humbled enough yet? Lol see how the fuc can you if we're still learning about what humble even is? Without showing it as some kind of "domination" up outer to others with a pathetic frame? No that's a shit translation And correlation sure.. it's correct as a shit translation as with all things from love to hate? Exactly without being specific again that's why as with a rubix cube alignment isn't instant it's changing into the alignment.
So be humble without being able to know what it is other than , other than at least that its beings that are your own self as within this love to hate , obviously the many types of ego will want to see it as "well if I'm here then I want to be the one" that desire is understandable and it's also dangerous because it's something that can be believed but it's obviously coming from many missed angles as what of the unknowns? Where is the humble here obviously this is why we can be in more hell because of this retardation and non-win win type minds? Sure better to understand logically more correctly then?
And an example slightly different perspective to help a little is think of a body guard and goddesses, suppose since we can now if truly more % humbled from aboves information about all the unknowns yet somewhat that's known? Yes but then here's an analogy about bodyguards and it has vast implications and correlations as touched on above but then factor that as best you can or better you be humble right now ya little shits 🖕 anyway that felt good spoilt ones anyway so imagine some beings perhaps human who is being constantly under some form of goddess watch as can totally be the case if you change this example in above fashion it's that vast but for now let's just let me give you that limited as with everything since it's vast but... Anyway you have a human being protected by 8 bodyguards and the person imagine the logical alone that if they were to become pushing the limits to brag and test that out that eventually it will escalate? Yes well the think of a somewhat aligned goddess at what point would they back out ? In my example I explain without the details it will have, I explain it will be fairly soon as the protection from her as an example or god with big cock or goddess with big tits? Let's forget the correlations? Please the beings can be anything but the analogy if we can just get past "the unknowns as knowns" then insert your current limited understanding favourite being here ______ ... Omg really? LoL any way that's fine but there Are many nevermind, but to continue....they she whatever would not be able to "protect" you as that's was never the plan or understanding at least in my example as it's not a pass to that escalation of invulnerability? And the human wouldn't even know about this correlation if body guard remember we can't define? Remember we can't see all correlations? So in this sense hands up if you didn't pattern the same bodyguards are the same as goddess#101 with big tits? Exactly... So back to the point the same protection for lack of a word that shows infinite correlation? Yes we're limited here too always constantly but you understand %? LoL so to continue the human as just universal example is similar pattern to scale up love to hate we can't be "protected" if your not humble? You see? Because it was never the reason for the protection? Some loving correlation wouldn't partake in watching you escalate to dominate the world 🌎 that way? Wtf that way no it's basically to minimize any harm from proper retards? And who isn't a retard? 1were not in heaven omg! 2, your learning about all this? Omg!
LoL double retards 😂😆🤤🤣🤣😂😭🧩🧩🧩🪜.
And so that's why being humble the correct even logical way is much better than whatever we've learnt from in the past? Yes that's why this in itself is alignment? Yes % of so up or down it's all like a rubix cube vastly complex as our own minds communicate and decided ourselves? Yes the only way to climb is to decide? And with good info bit by bit win win better to better more accurate to more accurate brick by brick (Lego) lol 🥂
That's a path to real heaven™ we don't fuc about we can do this together. Fucn-Logically® so we can faith gap the doubt and now pattern our way to real heaven as one win win for real.
😻Love is the more higher source form of intelligence 
As from love to hate and so many fake gods or insert understanding of infinite shape shifting mind meld beings here _____ well done 👍 that's was comprehensive enough to not attack me into disagreement 👍🧐🤤.
And so be humble not as being dominated even though you can "see" it thar way or correlate it that way but that's why it takes time to pattern learn more correctly to be able to be humble and therefore avoid the shit translation from love to hate you are here -----> .  That's a long fuckin way to go lol 😆 😂 🪜 let's fuckin go home....
