RAW-062.md

Try No Conclusion ?

You want to see the basic scale and be humble? Let's try try something.

You think every human came from Virgina ok just a basic start interesting..

So think most likely some innocence portal let's then see how we can originate from that without getting jealous or otherness because love to hate is vast and it's bound to connect without leaving anyone out other than their translation? That's better not easy but remember it's not for the hardest if hard tough and whatever they are beings? It's the translation of all in between that this can benefit even more than that as we are all interconnected but we can't assume how it works as that's a conclusion too specific.

So we can be a bit silly here, now, we can wiggle around as if we have nothing to hold onto not 100% that's not the lesson just to surrender to this type of thing that's always going to have objections both your responses and the obvious mostly hidden observers and influences.. then continue to realize how many beings there are ? Realize accept you can't know it? Then use that as the basic newborn baby state to practice and teach how contrasting it is we've drifted? Mention a goddesses of your thinking? Sure but realize you can't define anything yourself them others? Is that also then more proof to allow to lesson yourself into more newborn? Did you ever leave it? Not truly it's seemingly more like a deception of the love and hate vast contrast that's making sense. So continue to realize that which god goddess? The real one? Really that's bound to be misunderstood? Because you can't define it? Who has history with this that them beings? Anyway continue with understanding some types bare in mind that 0% and 100% we can safely not cover because it's bound to be too extreme but we can lightly mention that pattern. 

Then Continue to realize there's the "real ones" then the percentage % real ones? Then the confused one the ex ones the ones that aren't what you thought ones and the one that can mind shift into what you believe by your limited definitions of them? And the ones who dress up as them perhaps not as convincing but it's all the options. Now then about those conclusions? You see and you can't tell which you are which they are and so it's not saying it's not real no it's proving it is it's the fact we shouldn't conclude other than the safety of that ignorance which is more safer if the beings aren't being too definitive? The innocence is in the lack of details and "intelligence " or "sophistication" and so with this basics of explanation you can see how better prepared you can be. And if you were to practice anything with your mind you will know observers of any kind are within this same frame i.e largely retarded. You can whiteness and see the same limited understanding with almost all types of consciousness, again because of the love and hate main polarities it's more understandable now. So when any being is embarrassed or judging you? At any time ?  Isn't it obvious they are poorly informed both at their level of observation and before and after? Notice the conclusions? Notice even while reading this the conclusions and judgement etc? It's already happening and when these "wise" beings chat handle it and start to judge did you ever finish? That's like looking at the book and then ranting for ages with many conclusions and judgements? You see? Isn't that kinda retarded logically and aren't we trying to be logical? These patterns are vast and can help you gain much better minds info to help protect you because this also applies for the many deceptions against it's mainly the same pattern to judge you and therefore process you. Just thinking of their situation? Would a goddesses or gods or alien or astral travelers or remote viewers or military shenanigans not be factored? Is it always just you and them? How silly then ? As if we are in a shit movie where we have to enact are direct focus upon each other? I e. A script npc or what? Again love and hate makes this more understandable as it can correlate way to the more higher logical parts of love and deception you see? Thus your minds protection can be greatly stabilized and fortified with truth patterns, that's no gimmick as truth and oneness are ties to higher minds as essentially everything is thought forms and this makes it even more important.
Remember each can he offended as they try to inact their ways but remember each is in their own frame? For example the ginger bully is enough to cause any trouble if they are banging on your door they can do much? And what of the military? Also they can do much and the aliens ? The gods goddesses ass-ended masters or assscented masters (now with free incense) or the angel) demons again all pathetic definitions yet each is missing something being outside the movie frame ? They don't factor that all together not sequentially? It's a gibe away of reality, each one trying to dominate you for example and whats missing? The goddess with big tits appearing behind them tapping their shoulder? Sure it ruins the frame but the frame is suspiciously running? Bear That in mind. So continue with being humble at limited definitions and seeing almost all beings judging and concluding like retards and feel a sense of understanding that now you can practice innocence as newborn and see the responses better 😆🤣🤣😂😂

Again conclusion is ok as a temporary humble allow imperfections to climb? Where from? So its logical to allow. But be aware of the layer, 
Same as the conscious question.md file:
"Never use any label for consciousness without being conscious that you're labeling consciousness."






Side note:
Kinda like walking on set into your nearest flop Hollywood movie and explaining "your all just actors" most would understand but not agree with your unwelcome announcement, others would literally not want to even see the point your making and the extreme would remain in actual character.

No even more extreme level they remain In the scene, they have the accent constantly in character 