RAW-073.md

Jealousy 
So a goddess could ask you to love focus only on them and that's understandable as it is a create what you focus logic reality we are in but also we are therefore all guilty because everyone is allowed room to breath to learn the ladder 🪜 for what is up without down?
So a Chance to change grow is ok within reason, and so the goddess jealousy is less strong here but left open as we can't close 100% that's also wrong.
And even the fact ww can't define goddess and she can't tje moment one comes down to express displeasure that I didn't do it right? At what point was "right" expected? After popping out of virginas as a newborn? Or 10minutes? 1 hour? This is silly to expect that.
And even if a ginger bully or military whatever example is banging at the door neither of those examples would want to yeild to a bigger frame as they run their script? So same with a goddess or more likely fake as the very intersection with our "guilty imperfectness" would then mean they are "interconnected" to that intersection of argument? So even the fake one wouldn't want me to think of other beings or more "real ones" silly huh? And yet this is where we're at.
So as for some main reasons for jealously isn't looking as logical sound as some could defend it but I'd sway on the its better to love at the level you are? And thus as with a cake shop it can be nice and many examples where we do like multiple choice? You can like each sequencial moment even if they can't understand that? Not to explain it just that way but it's logical? And the goddess type femanines are not meant to be logical which is there magnet speciality but let's not therefore go to areas we don't specialize? As the attraction of the magnets is the opposite poles.
And yes even if eventually we do consolidate and become more one-ness type collective type then yes I understand that but I don't think we can expect that without the climb and until then we won't perhaps need to be as jealous? Especially for those larger beings if constructs that typically have these issues?