RAW-075.md

"Your so retarded, that it's advanced to suc on tits"

I have to explain the basics

If the ratio of a goddess is her "unknown" at least let alone the other things, then sucking on her tits is unknown / undecided, ... what's the issues retards?

Babies you are? You all came from Virginia when? Long enough to not talk about it? Long enough to be so wise? So wise that you definition of tree 🌲 is your word to describe it? "Tree" that's your level? Tree? And for everything else it's a word ? Mum "yes I understand that". "car" yes I understand that" octopus "yes that's octopus" 🙄🖕retards please! Wtf.
So be humble see the ratio and frame your in.
So that a mother who was to stop the breast feeding of a baby of the next day if she was to "oh go on then 1 more day" is that ? So crazy laughable or judged? It's only an example but then if a unknown goddess with big tits appears why not then suc on her tits with the same logic that when did you stop? When we're you too sophisticated ? 🌲"Tree" really? Wtf 😆
So then why is it not the default not forced but the basic understanding that because you don't know shit why let the distracting illogical frequencies if god knows what being to influence you into ... Embarrassment? The newborn wasn't embarrassed? Why? Because it didn't I didn't know to be, why would it! So see logically for sure that to be apprehensive is a false logic it's wrong you can't know her or alien or gods or angels or anything? Then think ahead and see the errors in your logic to help liberate you?
If here maths was so incredibly as an example what ratio of the baby is that to you to them? Not that it's needed since the unknown is the humble truth to be able to suc on them but what ratios of her knowledge would it take to satisfy a suc?
And even if newborn main argument is that it can't defend or feed itself it's vulnerable is true it doesn't mean this example is 100% just as you have heritage that you were a baby? Remember the % of a mum to stop breastfeeding then the analogy that if she were to continue one more day one more minute? Is that not a ratios % as you are now just "longer" and even if the vulnerable parts Is different items not exactly the reason you can't suc on a unknown goddess tits because you don't know it isn't a same continued ratio in ways you can't understand and I can merely touch on? Is she your mum? That question won't exactly resonate with many because they aren't even aware of many types of dimensions and beings let's alone this, but is she your mum enough? Think of the chip away into logic we have here ? The dimensions? The unknowns? The shared collective? The timelines? The dreams? The future? The past? The possible previous lives ? Previous dreams? The astral? The you get the fuckin point retards with evidence 🧾 ya beautiful ignorant children! 🤣
So then to have to meet 50/50 with the your not vulnerable argument and then mix with the unknowns and then the analogy of the mum to add one more minute or day? And then what's then not to say you can't use your unknowns more fairly here and allow yourself to suc on her tits? Exactly? Come on! Do yourself fair. And what does it take to break the old frame? If I was to suc on tits most laugh? Ok then a volcano 🌋 is going off in the background still funny? Ok then a tornado 🌪️ is spinning up still funny even if she's an unknown ethereal in appearance femanine with tits and milk in loving it and your still laughing? Multiple tornadoes? A earthquake? Not that "funny" is bad it's always multiple aspects dimensions to things but in showing you how to break that and then surrender as a baby does? Which % are you not? And which % doesn't make sense to hold onto your "great vast knowledge" lol 😂😂😂 yeah right silly retards come on sue has at least 2 nipples one is free, care to erm ...... 🤤🍼  Told you it was advanced 🤣🤣🤣 "god lord it soo advanced what next is suppose you think most basic thing love is advanced, well then ha let's hear it!" 🙄

And maybe there's a pattern to why the "sophisticated" alien/ angel / and goddesses many of those types may struggle with the baggage as with humans and so they can't sing dance love and joy without feeling"stupid " and frivolous? Perhaps that's a large pattern?

Ha maybe something is deeper going on here , maybe you need to protect your safety level and not "lose it" I can understand that and cab be considerate, it's as if by laughing at me you feel special and even need it otherwise it may be disastrous to unravel you this way ? You can clearly see how obviously difficult it is? Perhaps I can therefore let you all just laugh at me and take it like a fuckin pro™

LoL ironic I'm the mature one , I swear I wasn't even trying, far from it.🙄🖕