We have establishments ams 1% etc of sorts and in everything the military have their "elites" the cults have theirs "33 perhaps lol" and religion and all sorts even corps and money ? Banks empires ? Etc
And now we realized that that cha slow us down as the collective and the 1% trying to filter the info for their use even if they also are changing for good and we do it too but more openly and so tje 1% is like the goddesses ass-hole all tight and clenching consolidated slow with release and now it speeds up much better but it's funny how It's reversed the 1% is the limitation and how it's the other way round that kinda small uptight and trying to process 

And therefore just like the ant on the turd won't ever typically "know" even if it's not correct as each correlation would bring new "know" but still my advice to them 1% not specifically no I didn't talk to anyone but I would enjoy playing around with that they can now do the most crazy thoughts that they are effectively a but hole without offending their egos and we're all close enough in this shit hell hole enough not to brag or glee as such so don't don't that but they really can as if newborn and as if cum many were cum abd egg before? So they can wiggle around abd enjoy this pathetic situation that's more true than ever without locking into it as the ant on the turd if they were to go to correlation if heaven wouldn't hardly be an issue would it?

No not how you wiggle on it because that maybe implies that the frame is dominant now where as a ladder or rubix cube or jigsaw puzzle are way more different in that ..
And heaven is a real perspective and a real better to better step and % and correlation will come less coincidences and more and more logic ...

But they can embrace it in. Pathetic type way as pathetic is all they may see it as then start there and enjoy then move of think of it as a wrong racing way car slow down first ? Then other way never instant?

As literally It can actually be it's too advanced to have that now it's silly that's heaven and hell in a nutshell and we chat do both remember the car? Remember the logic itself you understand here already? It's extreme and 100% and 0% are such also not recommended to hold much as that's the black hole white hole it's too big and we can't finish there best to do what we've done best but keep revising and adding or slowing down the wrong way in this case as the 1% 

And think that the U-turn is a kind of similar pattern as the humble itself as for when your doing that? Yes ? The slowing down? The ant on turns literally? Can't be shown now but if your not in heaven where the fuc? Don't be concise? But you can see the correlations can change with minds information and new perspectives and even if it seems hostile it's the only way to turn around as part of humble? That's why humble is so hard for the 1% if your ass-hole ? But here's how to not be an asshole and go to heaven for all of us....

And so the if translating from fast quick information to the wrong way car but holes? What then? It's extremely hard for that % ? That's why humble is extremely difficult as they can barely think to even slow down? Otherwise we'd all be in heaven lol instant heavenly noodles™ 🍜 

And remember we're all at different % and we pass information and it's not just for one being or consciousness no the jigsaw puzzle uses all of us and it's not to "behold " ties a bit with humble too.

And remember it's always more better info to add it you can Faith gap and bias that as win win better to better that would be ideal if not possible % now then more % as we go, as I assure you consideration is the win win I beg any without that be miss understood it will lol but hey so was the 1% 🙏🙄