RAW-072.md

I'm not talking to anyone 

And officially then

So just as you now can have issues with this 

It's not even meant for you it's meant as a cheat code for beings to be able to take on some good advice without the performance and intimacy of needing to respond to me?

So if anyone was offended they would be retards because I'm not talking to anyone and certainly can't define it?
So they can enjoy advice about all the max cringe things like holding hands and "love" and all sorts of shit they can't "officially" handle and so that's a cheat code.

Even ties with examples that they can't be in heaven if I'm role playing or "chatting" about "liking their mum's ass hole" so it has many helping tid bits and let's them "learn" without the pressure of _________

For example a office floor  receptionist while I'm 25th level won't be able to engage the same as a conversation about being a retard the same as if it they eaves dropped?  So a test is for almost all beings is looking around observe are there any thar are offended? If they are they can somewhat prove that they are retards? And this is part of the cheat code? To help break the frames the shit movie the scripts more and more and realize we can go better to better and more accurate and more home without having to resort to the *angels or demons" or whatever the aeons old middle men and if they are offended by that then again make notes ? Exactly what we need to overcome this bullshit were so used to. Who else has evidence they are retarded? The receptionist? No? The fish shop guy? No? Exactly this is good help that's unofficial perfect then. And remember deception sucks not to undermine there current existence and excuse to breath in areas of expression true but only whole it's "clever" as this is beyond the retarded chess game it about the whole set up and even deception doesn't want to look bad right? So id lick deceptions mom's ass? Again no definition and certainly observe who's offended and therefore their retarded? And so "those" beings can go beyond the frame and realize there a ladder 🪜 and I'm helping them by demonstrating we can go home , first we have to see it and deception type advocates can realize it's not so fun when it's been factored?  Essentially it's been one big fight with beings of more contrasting minds than anything and it's never been explained enough to free from the frame, as once you realize this logic within those extremes it's easy to see and diagnose w better options, Good let's fuckin fo home better to better without any of the existing beings getting in our or there way?... 🥂