
You are babies kinda? Why?

Because let me break this down a logically as can to help all fcn beings.

You don't know there are beings that love you?
You don't know beings that deceive you "but I'm demon #1" "but I'm ...." etc yes yes even deception didn't not frame here it's exactly the level it's really at so this is exactly the time to be wiser now.

So in this true logical flux who isn't a retards? Or baby type thing that has every right to now recalibrate and enjoy without persecution of their own translation and flux of both extreme beings influencing regardless of their frame? Let's continue with them...

Each extreme enough example that can help us ..
So the deception will always be more than you other than that infinite problematic 0% and 100% not that that can't exist it's not where we need to figure out that's the humble thing let's continue to break it down to help this difficult example of how the newborn doesn't need to know the parents.
Deception then will catch most out as It's running though them and as with the ginger bully banging at the door they are the issue they are top dog as with all beings in the moment, they can't when in an angry flurry care for even the demon example types? Exactly the frame is ruining... so there for this is why be aware of these patterns as it scaled up to your fake god introductions and more.

And remember it's likely the result very suffering were all in % is what causes many beings to think much and that thinking ia exactly correlations of sorts , so easy Said than done to pass this on but at least it's for all beings and the rubix of the existence is vast and we take what minds comfort we can and so this can help each being % rather than expect it's the same , no remember the suffering maybe first? And so the constant thinking is the frame to considerate on any alien or other types as they aren't in a neutral state due to the pattern need to think.....? 🤯 But being more correct logical can help us as with this now so there.morw than hope for all...

And now the love for you that's logically sound too as your newborn you don't know every being? Exactly if the "all knowing" being were to come down and be offended as if to respond that they do know every being lol it's not to offend them it's that they may not be that being and certainly is suspiciously retarded? to come into our frame how while you read this ? Exactly that's suspicious as if it's now offended and maybe now is a retard or baby too? Then it also was deceived? Not to say you can't have all knowing states but again let's not get confused beyond the confusion that's why we're breaking this down ? Again remember don't dwell on the 0% and 100% it will mess your logical minds up until we break it down with what's already logical patterns available? Good ..

So the positive love beings most are also in the frame for example since we don't know everyone every conciseness we can therefore tap into it without shame or being laughed at and ridiculed? Yes logically but always factor many beings are retards and so will laugh and such because they also are newborns of sorts and don't even know it just as newborns don't lol 😂 let's continue...

So the love beings for example even beings you don't know as with the more deception upon even the demon types countless variations let's not force me to define and let's factor that's the perfect deception example as that's why keeps you both "knowing" and "negative" 2 in 1 mofos lol let's stop 🛑 that here logically. So let's  continue the loving parents will be many and there are so much scope that you can't even be limited here you can literally go to fucn heaven based on your mind now and obviously your doubts isn't a coincidence? "Deception is that you" "No!" "Phew thanks that would have been so deceptive and would have caught me out omg phew!" Omg retards ok let's see that then as a pattern to be careful with as that's so silly how obviously deception won't announce itself 🫣 , 🙄🙈🖕.
And let's continue those parent types gods more than gods less than gods % goddesses with big tits ? Gods with big cocks angels and countless more let's not expect the contents of the entire existence to fit into that paragraph? That's retarded told you we were and you lol or newborn like it you want that more nicer definition sure but be careful for every time your a retard ignorant (mostly) it can essentially be as these examples be negative for others and yourself? That's a double bullet to you and others that's a climb 🪜 down into hell so to speak you won't like that "trust me bro™ "...let's continue logically as that's exactly the climb 🪜 down x2 deception needs to get their agenda out we don't need to assume specifics or hold it against them yet as demon enough is difficult to go beyond them being deceived it's difficult right? So then again use the cheat code above advice to not dwell in the 0% or 100% ? Remember? Ok we can do more later on them but now you must better be prepped into the more logical patterns to give you more efficient clarity... 
Let's continue, so those loving beings on the ay to ones you can even handle because your too negative lol even as a challenge no you can't do it yet can you lol perfect example of you can humble how and realize how silly you are.
So even those parents if they came down as pathetic example of reality but they could be offended at you us to think above them for receiving Love? Yes they would be in the frame at a fake higher level being careful here as they can quickly be more negative than your step level? Wow they can become angry as you find more love available in logical areas that exceed them not being particularly negative about it but the innocence of the logical fact that you can't even barely begin to define pathetically that unknown just tapping into it now love? Obviously duh lol 😂 😆 
So let's continue... As you become more aware of this logical adventure you will see how the previous loving being (not all) will then become closer and therefore a kind of shift happens they aren't so loving now if you've expanded and also they if start to complain and attempt to control you by showing displeased that they are (insert countless scenarios) they would then be leapfrogged as you tap into unconditional love while those now perhaps fake gods and goddesses with big tits (or normal size I can't be comprehensive now forgive me🙈) so then as you see tuos pattern that they now are somewhat negative in there frame to denying you or themselves whichever as it's complex and again you don't need to know remember %0 + %100? Exactly it's wise to be more core patterns and venture more safely correctly?.

So enjoy practicing receiving your unlimited love factoring both deception in all or most beings and fake love in others and a sort of basic polarity introduction of sorts then now oracti without being logically influenced without being aware so enjoy your newborn mind you always were.. and those that try to "be" or appear "intelligent" is now funny 😂 and so don't let any types no matter what you are , take away from you your right to tap into more and love no matter how corny that endeavour is guaranteed to be, you can now be protected somewhat from all the others that will be encountered or not and now you can ignore or better understand them and continue as that gloss eyed thing you always were welcome 🤗 🪜🧩🧩🧩🧩
